Adds clarification to config examples in reference docs (#6929)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/running-on-kubernetes-standalone.md

### Step 2: Connect to the {{stack}} [_step_2_connect_to_the_stack]

Set the {{es}} connection settings in the manifest before deploying. The manifest uses `api_key` authentication by default. Create an API key with the required privileges described in [Create API keys for standalone agents](/reference/fleet/grant-access-to-elasticsearch.md#create-api-key-standalone-agent), then set these environment variables:

```yaml
- name: API_KEY
  value: "<your-api-key-id>:<your-api-key-secret>" <1>
- name: ES_HOST
  value: "https://somesuperhostiduuid.europe-west1.gcp.cloud.es.io:9243" <2>
```

1. Replace `<your-api-key-id>:<your-api-key-secret>` with the API key you created in {{kib}}. Use the {{beats}} format (`<id>:<key>`), not the Base64-encoded value shown by default when the key is created.
2. The {{es}} host to communicate with.

::::{note}

> To use username and password authentication instead, comment out the `api_key` setting in the manifest's `outputs` section, uncomment the `username` and `password` settings, and set the `ES_USERNAME` and `ES_PASSWORD` environment variables. For the required privileges, refer to [Create a standalone agent role](/reference/fleet/grant-access-to-elasticsearch.md#create-role-standalone-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate with a user name and password instead, comment out the `api_key` setting in the manifest's `outputs` section, uncomment the `username` and `password` settings, and set the `ES_USERNAME` and `ES_PASSWORD` environment variables. For the required privileges, refer to [Create a standalone agent role](/reference/fleet/grant-access-to-elasticsearch.md#create-role-standalone-agent).
```

Reviewer: I don't think we have `username` vs. `user name` in the style guide, so feel free to veto me! (But this page does prefer `user name` fwiw: https://www.elastic.co/docs/contribute-docs/style-guide/ui-writing#screenshots)
